core/src/test/scala/spark/MapOutputTrackerSuite.scala:import akka.actor._
core/src/test/scala/spark/storage/BlockManagerSuite.scala:import akka.actor._
core/src/main/scala/spark/scheduler/cluster/StandaloneSchedulerBackend.scala:import akka.actor._
core/src/main/scala/spark/scheduler/local/LocalScheduler.scala:import akka.actor._
core/src/main/scala/spark/SparkEnv.scala:import akka.actor.{Actor, ActorRef, Props, ActorSystemImpl, ActorSystem}
core/src/main/scala/spark/executor/StandaloneExecutorBackend.scala:import akka.actor.{ActorRef, Actor, Props, Terminated}
core/src/main/scala/spark/storage/BlockManagerMasterActor.scala:import akka.actor.{Actor, ActorRef, Cancellable}
core/src/main/scala/spark/storage/ThreadingTest.scala:import akka.actor._
core/src/main/scala/spark/storage/BlockManagerMaster.scala:import akka.actor.ActorRef
core/src/main/scala/spark/storage/BlockManagerMessages.scala:import akka.actor.ActorRef
core/src/main/scala/spark/storage/BlockManagerSlaveActor.scala:import akka.actor.Actor
core/src/main/scala/spark/storage/BlockManager.scala:import akka.actor.{ActorSystem, Cancellable, Props}
core/src/main/scala/spark/MapOutputTracker.scala:import akka.actor._
core/src/main/scala/spark/deploy/LocalSparkCluster.scala:import akka.actor.{ActorRef, Props, Actor, ActorSystem, Terminated}
core/src/main/scala/spark/deploy/worker/ExecutorRunner.scala:import akka.actor.ActorRef
core/src/main/scala/spark/deploy/worker/Worker.scala:import akka.actor.{ActorRef, Props, Actor, ActorSystem, Terminated}
core/src/main/scala/spark/deploy/worker/ui/WorkerWebUI.scala:import akka.actor.ActorRef
core/src/main/scala/spark/deploy/client/Client.scala:import akka.actor._
core/src/main/scala/spark/deploy/client/Client.scala:import akka.actor.Terminated
core/src/main/scala/spark/deploy/master/WorkerInfo.scala:import akka.actor.ActorRef
core/src/main/scala/spark/deploy/master/Master.scala:import akka.actor._
core/src/main/scala/spark/deploy/master/Master.scala:import akka.actor.Terminated
core/src/main/scala/spark/deploy/master/ApplicationInfo.scala:import akka.actor.ActorRef
core/src/main/scala/spark/deploy/master/ui/MasterWebUI.scala:import akka.actor.ActorRef
core/src/main/scala/spark/util/AkkaUtils.scala:import akka.actor.{ActorSystem, ExtendedActorSystem}
core/src/main/scala/spark/util/AkkaUtils.scala:      akka.actor.provider = "akka.remote.RemoteActorRefProvider"
core/src/main/scala/spark/util/AkkaUtils.scala:      akka.actor.default-dispatcher.throughput = %d
core/src/main/scala/spark/SparkContext.scala:import akka.actor.Actor._
examples/src/main/scala/spark/streaming/examples/ZeroMQWordCount.scala:import akka.actor.ActorSystem
examples/src/main/scala/spark/streaming/examples/ZeroMQWordCount.scala:import akka.actor.actorRef2Scala
examples/src/main/scala/spark/streaming/examples/ActorWordCount.scala:import akka.actor.Actor
examples/src/main/scala/spark/streaming/examples/ActorWordCount.scala:import akka.actor.ActorRef
examples/src/main/scala/spark/streaming/examples/ActorWordCount.scala:import akka.actor.Props
examples/src/main/scala/spark/streaming/examples/ActorWordCount.scala:import akka.actor.actorRef2Scala
project/SparkBuild.scala:      "com.typesafe.akka" % "akka-actor" % "2.0.5" excludeAll(excludeNetty),
streaming/src/test/scala/spark/streaming/InputStreamsSuite.scala:import akka.actor.Actor
streaming/src/test/scala/spark/streaming/InputStreamsSuite.scala:import akka.actor.IO
streaming/src/test/scala/spark/streaming/InputStreamsSuite.scala:import akka.actor.IOManager
streaming/src/test/scala/spark/streaming/InputStreamsSuite.scala:import akka.actor.Props
streaming/src/main/scala/spark/streaming/receivers/ActorReceiver.scala:import akka.actor.{ Actor, PoisonPill, Props, SupervisorStrategy }
streaming/src/main/scala/spark/streaming/receivers/ActorReceiver.scala:import akka.actor.{ actorRef2Scala, ActorRef }
streaming/src/main/scala/spark/streaming/receivers/ActorReceiver.scala:import akka.actor.{ PossiblyHarmful, OneForOneStrategy }
streaming/src/main/scala/spark/streaming/receivers/ActorReceiver.scala:  import akka.actor.SupervisorStrategy._
streaming/src/main/scala/spark/streaming/receivers/ZeroMQReceiver.scala:import akka.actor.Actor
streaming/src/main/scala/spark/streaming/dstream/NetworkInputDStream.scala:import akka.actor.{Props, Actor}
streaming/src/main/scala/spark/streaming/NetworkInputTracker.scala:import akka.actor._
streaming/src/main/scala/spark/streaming/StreamingContext.scala:import akka.actor.Props
streaming/src/main/scala/spark/streaming/StreamingContext.scala:import akka.actor.SupervisorStrategy
streaming/src/main/scala/spark/streaming/api/java/JavaStreamingContext.scala:import akka.actor.Props
streaming/src/main/scala/spark/streaming/api/java/JavaStreamingContext.scala:import akka.actor.SupervisorStrategy
